
abbey_A0=Abadía
archives_A0=Archivos de la aldea
armoury_A0=Armería
bakery_A0=Panadería
carpenterhouse_A0=Casa de carpintero
cattlefarm_A0=Granja bovina
church_A0=Capilla
church_A2=Iglesia
farm_A0=Granja
farm_B0=Granja
forge_A0=Granja
fort_A0=Fuerte
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Torre de guardia
fort_A_righttower_A0=Torre de guardia
grove_A0=Arboleda
grove_B0=Arboleda
grove_C0=Arboleda
guardhouse_A0=Casa de guardia
guesthouse_A0=Casa de huéspedes
guildhouse_A0=Casa gremial
inn_A0=Posada
lumbermanhut_A0=Choza de leñador
lumbermanhut_B0=Choza de leñador
manor_A0=Señorío
market_A0=Mercado
pigfarm_A0=Granja porcina
playerestate_A0=Mansión
playerhugefield_A0=Terreno muy grande
playerlargefield_A0=Terreno grande
playerlargehouse_A0=Casa burguesa
playersmallfield_A0=Terreno pequeño
playersmallhouse_A0=Casita
presbytery_A0=Prebisterio
quarry_A0=Cantera
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Granja ovina
tavern_A0=Taberna
watchtower_A0=Torre de guardia
fountain_A0=Fuente
largefountain_A0=Fuente grande
well_A0=Pozo

playerfort_A0=Fuerte
anomalyone_A0=Anomalía
anomalytwo_A0=Anomalía


lonelumbermanhut_A0=Choza de leñador
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Cabaña de leñador
lonemine_A0=Mina
loneabbey_A0=Abadía
ruinedfarm_A0=Granja en ruinas
ruinedfarm_B0=Granja en ruinas
ruinedfarm_C0=Granja en ruinas
banditlair_A0=Guarida de bandidos
alchemisttower_A0=Torre del alquimista
bandittower_A0=Torre de bandidos
abandonedmill_A0=Molino abandonado
abandonedmine_A0=Mina abandonada
abandonedtower_A0=Torre en ruinas
loneinn_A0=Posada aislada
lonemill_A0=Molino hidráulico abandonado
feloncastle_A0=Castillo de delincuentes
pantheon_A0=Panteón
