
japanesegrove_A0=Plantation
japanesegrove_B0=Plantation
japanesegrove_C0=Plantation
japanesepeasanth_A0=Maison du paysan
japanesepeasanth_B0=Maison du paysan
japanesepeasanth_C0=Maison du paysan
japaneselmh_A0=Maison du bûcheron
japanesepaddy_A0=Champs de riz
japanesepalace_A0=Bureau Impérial
japaneseforge_A0=Forge
japanesefishery_A0=Etang à poisson
japanesefishery_B0=Etang à poisson
japanesefishery_C0=Etang à poisson
japanesefishery_A1=Poissonerie
japanesefishery_B1=Poissonerie
japanesefishery_C1=Poissonerie
japanesesamuraih_A0=Maison du garde
japanesesamuraih_B0=Maison du garde
japanesequarry_A0=Carrière
japanesearchive_A0=Archives
japanesearchive_B0=Archives
japanesepagoda_A0=Pagode
japanesepagoda_B0=Pagode
japaneseshintoshrine_A0=Torii
japanesefarm_A0=Ferme de blé
japanesefarm_B0=Ferme de blé
japanesefarmbig_A0=Ferme centrale
japanesefarmbig_B0=Ferme centrale
japanesecrafter_A0=Atelier
japanesecrafter_B0=Atelier
japanesefort_A0=Château
japaneseplot1_A0=Petit terrain
japaneseplot2_A0=Terrain moyen
japaneseplot3_A0=Grand terrain
japanesehut_A0=Petite hutte
japanesehouse_A0=Maison moyenne
japaneselookout_A0=Tour de garde
japaneselookout_B0=Tour de garde
japanesekitchen_A0=Cuisine
japanesekitchen_B0=Cuisine
japanesezen_A0=Ike
japaneseplayerpalace_A0=Palais du joueur
japaneseinn_A0=Auberge
japanesemarket_A0=Marché

japaneseoutpost_A0=Avant-poste Japonais
japanesearmyforge_A0=Forge militaire
lonebuddha_A0=Statue de Bouddha
bandit_cave_A0=Caverne des bandits
kufun_tomb_A0=Tombe
woods_shrine_A0=Sanctuaire des bois
lonemine_A0=Mine japonaise isolée

