

brickkiln_A0=Fornace per mattoni
chiefhouse_A0=Casa del capo
fort_A0=Fortezza
fort_A_forge_A0=Fucina della fortezza
fort_A_soldierhouse_A0=Caserma
grove_A0=Boschetto
lumbermanhouse_A0=Casa del boscaiolo
paddy_A0=Risaia
pandithouse_A0=Casa del sacerdote
peasanthouse_A0=Casa del contadino
peasanthouse_B0=Casa del contadino
peasanthouse_C0=Casa del contadino
playerhugefield_A0=Terreno enorme
playerlargefield_A0=Terreno grande
playersmallfield_A0=Terreno piccolo
playersmallhouse_A0=Piccola casa
quarry_A0=Cava
quarry_B0=Cava 
soldierhouse_A0=Casa dei soldati
sugarplantation_A0=Piantagione di zucchero
villagetemple_A0=Tempio
playerestate_A0=Villa
spicegarden_A0=Giardino per le spezie
forge_A0=Fucina
armyforge_A0=Fucina militare
scultorhouse_A0=Casa dello scultore
archives_A0=Archivio del tempio
palace_A0=Palazzo
guesthouse_A0=Piccola locanda
inn_A0=Locanda
largepeasanthouse_A0=Casa di grandi dimensioni
largepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Casa secondaria


//extra buildings:
well_A0=Pozzo

